Guides get sponsor dota2.ru funny memes
and comics as well as the latest news shako
sports arena come do not regret
hello swami john no suysi and in
this release enter the hero devouring
enemies at night and his name is night
stalker or in common balanar
as usually learned from procuring correctly
skillfully swing skills and also we
consider his strengths and weaknesses
but this is only the beginning
in ancient stories every time any
time with a story about a time that was
even before the sun and the concept of the day
when above the earth was worth infinite power
who lived creatures of darkness
as they say ki history at dawn
first day all night creatures died but
one creature survived evil incarnation
referred to as balanar he served
prototype of a variety of butterflies Koschey
other entities that scare
disobedient children rolf angle delivered
he is pleased but balanar is not easy
scared for juvenile fidget under
cover of night he tear apart those
who fought off the light turned off the road
or ignored their warning
friends going off at night yes indeed
scary how to buy our
balanara so he kills ppd on
the initial stage of the game is better to buy for
dumbbell or stout shield keel slave and
tango next we buy a boot and make
do one of the boot pt
and then van guard without fail
you need to make an omelet on the final fights
you must have arm yo at ted terrace
towers or mkb satanic sawing tarascus if
did you decide to collect the garden nobody can
still collect daedalus well like this
quickly we put our balanar on
what iron ability first skill
Void this skill Saratov heroes
short-term vacuum which you besides
it slows them down and gives them
short-term camp afternoon skill paving
2 seconds and at night 4 2 I have crippling
ferre planar terrifies its enemies
which does not allow them to use
their abilities and makes them
miss by day ability 23
second at night from five to eight
third ability hunter lenses night
thanks to this ability the nights are better not
meet with was nara soul speed
his movement speed of attack is very
greatly increased pumping next
the first level we remove howls further fat
then again you howl maxim passive
in the sixth minute to destroy your
barking new opponents couple friends know
his strengths and weaknesses his strengths
the fact that he is a great ganger is very good
at all points of the game, by the way, also
easy to master his great mobility
he has a high level
survival cons of course he has
during the day he is absolutely useless low
intelligence gain and low damage
skills big fights kill was
normal you astana frame either with the same
slow down my how do he help him
can venga venomancer viper enemies and
balanara a little but they are
tinker and troll hero who imposes on
we place that will reduce our chances
killing and make us perfect
unnecessary as well as slardar which will throw
we have an armor and we will be for him
great lunch well now output
good gun with with great potential
in kerry leaves no chance of survival
lonely walking in the woods support yes
not only with abortion good hands
balanar can decide the outcome of the game at the very
her beginning is my problem in one his goal
sang as i said big fights
he can only deal damage with his hand
the same night stalker is pretty
ambiguous if in the early game he himself
don't justify losing half of your
potential for later stages
games gank already and nobody but how kerry
balanar can't say anything
or an alchemist in a one- on- one skirmish
I wanted to make a small announcement
many want to play with me i don't
mind my steam see on your
screens and also it will be in the description so
that run added and threw me a party
but that's all friends thank you for
view this guide subscribe to
put us on the channel like write
comments subscribe to public
add me to friends vkontakte and
now in the incentive
see you soon meeting machine